Add CLI option to disable built-in slashing protection (#192)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/Reference/CLI/CLI-Syntax.md

List of validator public keys used by an external signer (for example, Web3Signer).

### validators-external-signer-slashing-protection-enabled

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    --validators-external-signer-slashing-protection-enabled[=<BOOLEAN>]
    ```

=== "Command Line"

    ```bash
    --validators-external-signer-slashing-protection-enabled=false
    ```

=== "Environment Variable"

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_EXTERNAL_SIGNER_SLASHING_PROTECTION_ENABLED=false
    ```

=== "Configuration File"

    ```bash
    validators-external-signer-slashing-protection-enabled: false
    ```

Specify whether to use Teku's built-in [slashing protection] when using an external signer such as

> [Web3Signer]. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: Can we add a big warning that users should be absolutely certain the external signer has slashing protection enabled before disabling this protection. Otherwise their validator may get slashed.

Author: Done

Set this option to `false` if using the slashing protection implemented by an external signer.

> If using Teku to sign blocks and attestations, then Teku will always use its built-in slashing
> protection.

Reviewer: You can have a mix of internal and external signers so maybe something like:

```suggestion
Built-in slashing protection can only be disabled for validators using external signers. Validators using Teku to sign blocks and attestations will always use its built-in slashing protection.
```

Author: Done.
